refactor(skills): replace arch-diagram-builder agent with reusable architecture-diagrams skill (#2068)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/skills/project-planning/adr-author/SKILL.md

Activities:

1. **MADR v4 frontmatter assembly** — render the ADR frontmatter from `templates/madr-v4.md`. The template is reproduced verbatim from MADR v4.0.0 (CC0); see `references/standards-excerpts.md` for attribution. Merge `templates/madr-v4-frontmatter-overlay.md` on top to inject hve-core extension fields (`id`, `deciders`, `tags`, `supersedes`, `superseded-by`, `related`, `asr_triggers`) without modifying the verbatim upstream template (GP-17).

> 2. **Diagram render** — based on `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`, embed the diagram body from either `templates/diagram-ascii.md` or `templates/diagram-mermaid.md`. Skill callers do not branch on platform; the template selection is purely data-driven. When the diagram is derived from infrastructure source files (Terraform, Bicep, ARM), author it with the architecture-diagrams skill (`.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md`) using the format recorded in `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`, and embed that output in place of the scaffold fragment.

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding a clause so the skill knows the format is authoritative when provided. Pointing this out because I think the ADR flow already has a recorded preference, so the skill must honor the passed format and NOT re-ask. The architecture-diagrams skill says: if no preference is stated, ask the user.

Author: Addressed. The ADR flow now treats `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat` as authoritative when it is already provided by a caller, handoff, or existing ADR state, and explicitly says not to ask again in that case. The Govern phase also passes that recorded format into `architecture-diagrams`, so the reusable skill should only ask when no caller/context preference exists.

> 2. **Diagram render** — based on `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`, embed the diagram body from either `templates/diagram-ascii.md` or `templates/diagram-mermaid.md`. Skill callers do not branch on platform; the template selection is purely data-driven. When the diagram is derived from infrastructure source files (Terraform, Bicep, ARM), invoke the architecture-diagrams skill (`.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md`) with the authoritative format recorded in `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`, and embed that output in place of the scaffold fragment. Standalone diagram generation uses the architecture-diagrams root state contract rather than ADR state.

Reviewer 2: [portability] Hardcoded skill path in Diagram render step

The Govern phase instructs the agent to `invoke the architecture-diagrams skill (.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md)`. This repo-root path does not exist in plugin or extension distributions, so skill loading will fail outside the source repo. The same issue was addressed for the five agent files in commit `94e53f62` but this skill-internal reference was missed.

This PR adds the following rule to `prompt-builder.instructions.md`: "Never load a skill by hardcoding its `SKILL.md` path." The change here violates that rule.

```suggestion
2. **Diagram render** — based on `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`, embed the diagram body from either `templates/diagram-ascii.md` or `templates/diagram-mermaid.md`. Skill callers do not branch on platform; the template selection is purely data-driven. When the diagram is derived from infrastructure source files (Terraform, Bicep, ARM), use the `architecture-diagrams` skill: load its `SKILL.md` and produce the diagram using the format recorded in `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`, then embed that output in place of the scaffold fragment. Standalone diagram generation uses the architecture-diagrams root state contract rather than ADR state.
```

Author: Done. The Diagram render step now references the `architecture-diagrams` skill by name instead of the hardcoded `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` repo-root path, so it resolves across plugin and extension distributions. Pushed in 057e8313.
